Who the hell is looking for me?
Hello Xiao Wang
No, why did you leave?
Ha, I said I haven't seen you in a long time
Call your dad for dinner tonight
What else do you want to eat? Uncle is full
Tang Jianlian doesn't even care about you
This woman is amazing
A mouth is not forgiving
I told you
How can such a person become a lawyer?
It's bad luck for our entire law firm
You're wrong about that. He's very strict.
Evidence in every sentence
On the contrary, if you say that the facts are unknown and the evidence is unclear, you will report indiscriminately.
Shame us.
Director Xiao Wang
Stop talking, uncle, you can handle your own affairs by yourself
We don't want to be involved.
Hey, Xiao Wang, I know
What's going on?
It sounds like there's no climate
If it's not hot, go cold
If it's not ripe, we'll go raw.
I don't believe it anymore
So many big men can't fight a woman